Welcome, dear reader, I'm one of the programmer of this game.
We made a great lore for it, but sadly, we didn't have enough time to implement it :(.
So, let me tell you a bit about it :).
Since we are french, it may contain lot of vocabulary or grammar error... Sorry in advance.
Have fun reading it :).

Archimage Flint:
Simple human when he was born, he had the bad surprise when he was 16 to be taking off by a dragon.
But a another dragon prevent him to do that because they don't usually eat people who are alive.
After that, this dragon asked him if he wanted to live with them waiting that he will retrieve humans.
For that, it bring him to an autel to ask guidance to gods. Gods killed him and separate his soul in two and reintegrate half of his soul in his body.
The processus let him some aftermatchs but gave him the capacities to survive even in the most hostile places by using God's magic.
He realized that by recovering his whole soul, he would have awesome powers, so he decided to make an army to fight the gods themselves.

Captain Conner:
Conner was the child of a great general, so it was natural for him to lead armies.
When he was 18, he had the mission lead a small group of 100 peoples the next city. He decided to go though a elfic forest to economize some days but the elves missunderstand his instentions and attacked the small group.
He managed to survive with 2 people. One of them became his servant, the second refused so he killed him.
Back to the city, he told to the king that the elves attacked them while they were travelling.
The king decided that they must their revange and formed an army. He made Conner captain of a regiment of 1000 mens and told him to go fight the elves.

Heroine Saria:
Saria was the child of an harpi and a human, and she was bred by her mother, a human.
Her harpy nature made her discover her powers near 11 years old. One day, when she was 14, an elf who saw her powers and told Saria to follow him.
She was bring to the elf's queen and became the assistant of a famous wizard. But one day, a small group of humans entered in the forest.
The king, seeing that they were wearing weapons and pushing war machines ordered his army to attack them.
Saria was helping in the front line but she critically failed an incentation and burn the whole enemy, with a part of her own army, along with the king and his wizard.
She was seriously injuried, but some solders bring her back to the town and since not a lot of people knew the king's wizard, they though it was her.
She didn't want to decieve everyone, so she lied by telling eveyryone that it was true and promised herself to never use offensive magic again.
She said that she was going to avenge the king, and went with a group of people.